#Coursera Capstone Project

##Title: Domestic tourism and travelling post the national (India) lockdown.

###Background: “The world has changed” said Warren Buffet aphoristically as he went on to dispose of all the airline stocks owned by Berkshire Hathaway. While moving into a hazy future, it is clear that international travelling will not be the same, at least not in the next few years. Countries may proscribe foreign travel, maybe even reject visas or best case, our attitude towards ‘better safe than sorry’ will make us circumspect with our travel decisions. But most of us have an inherent wanderlust attitude, to be able to roam, be free, explore and find adventure. It is possible that although our movements will be severely restricted for the foreseeable future, domestic travel will be the new international travel. Of course it is risky, but humans are restive. As a result, with this small hunch in mind, my intention is to cluster as many monumental sites, scenic spots and travel 
destinations based on several criteria such as visitor football (at least at a time before COVID-19), ratings, popularity but most importantly on the current state of coronavirus in each of its states and districts (specifically number of cases). With that being kept in mind, we could possibly use the findings to suggest the least dicey hotspots for that vacation we all deserve. The target audience is every citizen of India who wishes to travel keeping in mind the current scenario of COVID-19. This could also help travel agencies and local service industries market better.

###Data 
I will need to firstly gather a database of as many (approx 500) touristic destinations as possible through web scraping or if json/csv files are readily available. Google API will be used for obtaining several key data attributes (latitude, longitude, State, City, Postal Code,ratings,number of likes, number of ratings, etc.) but considering its limited use in India, I may also use the MayMyIndia in conjunction. I will also be scraping for population and area of districts data from online sources. Lastly, I will be using the publicly available coronavirus APIs on current Coronavius numbers for different districts.