# Coursera Capstone Project

## Title: Domestic tourism and travelling post the national (India) lockdown

### Background 
“The world has changed” said Warren Buffet aphoristically as he went on to dispose of all the airline stocks owned by Berkshire Hathaway. While moving into a hazy future, it is clear that international travelling will not be the same, at least not in the next few years. Countries may proscribe foreign travel, maybe even reject visas or best case, our attitude towards ‘better safe than sorry’ will make us circumspect with our travel decisions. But most of us have an inherent wanderlust attitude, to be able to roam, be free, explore and find adventure. It is possible that although our movements will be severely restricted for the foreseeable future, domestic travel will be the new international travel. Of course it is risky, but humans are restive. As a result, with this small hunch in mind, my intention is to cluster as many monumental sites, scenic spots and travel destinations based on several criteria such as visitor football (at least at a time before COVID-19), ratings, popularity but most importantly on the current state of coronavirus in each of its states and/or districts (specifically number of active cases). With that being kept in mind, we could possibly use the findings to suggest the least dicey hotspots for that vacation we all deserve. The target audience is every citizen of India who wishes to travel keeping in mind the current scenario of COVID-19. This could also help travel agencies and local service industries market better.

### Data 
Approximately 450 touristic destinations were obtained from Google Travel through web scraping. 6 similar URLs were used for different types of touristic destinations like art and culture, amusement parks and beaches. (example of one: https://www.google.com/travel/things-to-do/see-all?g2lb=2502548%2C4215767%2C4258168%2C4260007%2C4270442%2C4274032%2C4291318%2C4305595%2C4306835%2C4317915%2C4328159%2C4329288%2C4333265%2C4358983%2C4366684%2C4367954%2C4369397%2C4372336%2C4373848%2C4380601%2C4270859%2C4284970%2C4291517%2C4316256%2C4356899&hl=en&gl=in&un=1&otf=1&dest_mid=%2Fm%2F03rk0&dest_state_type=sattd&dest_src=ts&tcfs=EgoKCC9tLzAzcmsw&sa=X#ttdm=26.112690_78.025407_5&ttdmf=%252Fm%252F081jv3)
Google Places and Google Geocoding (and reverse Geocoding) APIs were used for obtaining several key data attributes (latitude, longitude, state, city, district, ratings, ratings and number of ratings). Originally intended to use Foursquare, but it is very limited for the Indian reality and specifically for this problem. Wikipedia was used for obtaining district and state wise population and area information (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_districts_in_India) through web scraping. All web scraping was done with the help of the Requests and Beautiful Soup libraries. Lastly, I used the publicly available coronavirus APIs (https://api.covid19india.org/) to get updated information on the number of active cases in both districts as well as states. A publicly available GeoJSON file (https://github.com/Subhash9325/GeoJson-Data-of-Indian-States) for states in India was also obtained for plotting choropleth maps for better visualization.

### For more information, read the Project Report
